New SwiftUI based iOS tutorial (#6)
apollographql/iOSTutorial: README.md

# iOSTutorial

This is the tutorial application for working with the [Apollo iOS SDK](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-ios). The tutorial is available through our documentation site: [iOS Tutorial](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/ios/tutorial/tutorial-introduction).

> **This tutorial was most recently update for Apollo iOS 1.2.x**

Reviewer: How do you feel about a compatibility statement rather than time-based of when we made the update? In six months time without any updates "most recent" wouldn't be quite out of date.

```suggestion
**This tutorial is compatible with Apollo iOS version 1.2.0 and onwards. It is not compatible with the legacy 0.x versions.**
```
